Move /api-overview page content to appropriate location in /core-okta-api (#2459)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/users/index.md

| search      | Searches for users with a supported [filtering](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter) expression for most properties          | Query        | String     | FALSE    |
| limit       | Specifies the number of results returned (maximum 200)                                                                                         | Query        | Number     | FALSE    |
| after       | Specifies the pagination cursor for the next page of users                                                                                     | Query        | String     | FALSE    |
| sortBy      | Specifies field to sort by (for search queries only)                                                                                           | Search query | String     | FALSE    |
| sortOrder   | Specifies sort order asc or desc (for search queries only)                                                                                     | Search query | String     | FALSE    |

  * If you don't specify a value for `limit`, the maximum (200) is used as a default.  If you are using a `q` parameter, the default limit is 10.

>   * An HTTP 500 status code usually indicates that you have exceeded the request timeout.  Retry your request with a smaller limit and paginate the results. For more information, see [Pagination](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * An HTTP 500 status code usually indicates that you have exceeded the request timeout. Retry your request with a smaller limit and paginate the results. See [Pagination](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination).
```

> Hint: If filtering by `email`, `lastName`, or `firstName`, it may be easier to use `q` instead of `filter`.

> See [Filtering](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter) for more information about the expressions used in filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Filtering](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter) for more information on the expressions that are used in filtering.
```
